Remove undef Browser.safeCallback and Browser.safeSetInterval (#13333)
emscripten-core/emscripten: ChangeLog.md

Current Trunk
-------------
- Remove unused `Browser.safeSetInterval` and `Browser.safeCallback`.  These

>   didn't any callers in emscripten itself or any testing.  If there are users of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  had no callers in emscripten itself or any testing.  If there are users of
```
